DOC-2578: Changing the table row type when a `contentEditable="false"` cell was selected would not work as expected. (#3521)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.6.0-release-notes.adoc

[[bug-fixes]]
== Bug fixes

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Numbered table context menu not properly applying changes
// #TINY-11383

Previously, an issue was identified where changes to the row type in numbered tables were not being applied. This occurred because the action of modifying the type of a CEF (Content Editable False) cell was being blocked.

> In TinyMCE 7.6.0, this issue has been resolved by removing the restriction on changing the type of CEF cells, resulting in changes to the row type now being properly applied.

Reviewer: @FarzadHayat Nice suggestion, one edit if possible: Can you update your copy suggestion to refer to `+contentEditable="false"+` rather than `Content Editable False (CEF)` for consistency with the rest of our docs 🥺

> Previously, there was an issue where changes to the row type in numbered tables were not properly applied. This occurred because the action of modifying the row type from a Content Editable False (CEF) cell was being deliberately blocked.
> 
> In {productname} {release-version}, this issue has been resolved by removing the restriction on changing the row type from a CEF cell. As a result, changes to the row type are now correctly applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, there was an issue where changes to the row type in numbered tables were not properly applied. This occurred because the action of modifying the row type from a `+contentEditable="false"+` cell was being deliberately blocked.

In {productname} {release-version}, this issue has been resolved by removing the restriction on changing the row type from a `+contentEditable="false"+` cell. As a result, changes to the row type are now correctly applied.
```
